we were struck by this dramatic change that
we have seen in the appearance of
forces of chilevisión by the way here
is the judge we have the image there is
I will tell you if you turn on the
television in the morning or after
Lunch will not meet Carmen
gloria arroyo the judge of chilevisión
general the straight hair partidure of a
side wearing tight suits and their
Stylized legs also very tall
heels but this killer paints not
It was always what you see today
because the morning of chilevisión
They showed this picture with this
dramatic change of strength not to the
television with this photograph of the year
2004 where she was still a lawyer in
courts of justice your partner
nacho gutiérrez only has the following
We all have a little hand on
cat and with that I think he killed her
what difference does the judge really have?
is perhaps with the darkest hair maybe
a little more more wide of face looks at
Your favor has to be said that at least
cosmetic surgery does not seem to have true
the same nose the same thickness of lips
it emerges the same spot the same place
I furrow this up as they go from the
nose to the mouth are at the same
depth or how you do not have
other hands of hyaluronic acid you know
when people are filled with acid
hyaluronic that remains in the cheekbone
higher that kind of change so
less of the thing they do not reach
to be perceived 100% natural but good eh the
Little cat that we all throw out and
pain that you appreciate because surely
when you work in courts
low low indoors and did not tan
it was not pronounced there we have images
of daddy chest and his five minutes
how many minutes are five minutes of
of relax how many fifteen seconds of
listen look at the spectacular body
he has his good bubis up is carmen a
sixty two years or trolling bum bum that
wave the other one that has a good body
memphis and thick but of physical monkeys
is in the violent life sculptural actress
also from our country good to the
changes of time what is moving
to cheer me up in the head or I do not
I got to see in this photo which is the
which is in front and with him later because
He looks super young in the two I think
more or less with cobwebs under a fixed
but which is the one now the most real and
the right of the right in its
TV I do not teach is talking in
serious to I'm not going to nor there from the right
is
why marcela vargas
a couple of months ago to our program
and it's not like in that photograph of
right side to your screen and attend the
bathroom I think it's not basically
artist when he came with galliani I think
that in that photograph on the screen to
well unless you have photoshop
because it looks a little more realistic is
because he also has the photo in mind
He moved her without makeup back with
makeup